c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.exe.config
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.exe
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.pdb
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WcfServiceLibrary.dll
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WcfServiceLibrary.pdb
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.exe
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.pdb
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Logging.dll
c:\users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Logging.pdb
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Serializer.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Trap.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\ADOLib.dll
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Serializer.pdb
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Trap.pdb
C:\Users\darks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\ADOLib.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.exe.config
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.exe
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WinService.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Logging.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WcfServiceLibrary.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Serializer.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Trap.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\ADOLib.dll
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\WcfServiceLibrary.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Logging.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Serializer.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\Trap.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\bin\Debug\ADOLib.pdb
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.ProjectInstaller.resources
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.exe
C:\dev\ConsoleTest\WinService\obj\Debug\WinService.pdb
